FRW-10799 Updated API documentation. (#3271)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/integrations/spryker-glue-api/storefront-api/storefront-api.md

### Headers

Key headers you'll commonly use with Storefront API include:
- **Authorization**: To provide an OAuth 2.0 Bearer token for accessing protected resources
- **Content-Type**: Often application/vnd.api+json when sending data, adhering to the JSON:API convention
- **Accept**: To specify the desired response format, also typically application/vnd.api+json
- **Versioning**: Spryker's Storefront API can handle versioning through request headers. If no version is specified, the newest version of the resource is usually returned. If a specific version is requested and exists, that version is returned; otherwise, a 404 error may occur.

### Request Parameters (especially with JSON:API)

Storefront API leverages standardized parameters for efficient data interaction:

> - **Pagination**: Use `page[offset]` and `page[limit]` to retrieve data in manageable chunks–for example, `?page[offset]=0&page[limit]=10`). These values are accessible within Spryker via `GlueRequestTransfer->getPagination()`.

Reviewer: but there is no such transfer in the Rest api )

- **Sorting**: Request data to be sorted using parameters like `?sort=attributeName` (ascending) or `?sort=-attributeName` (descending). Sorting parameters can be retrieved using `$glueRequestTransfer->getSortings()`.
- **Filtering**: Narrow down results using filter parameters, often structured like `?filter[resourceName.fieldName]=value`. These are accessible via `$glueRequestTransfer->getFilters()`.
- **Sparse Fields**: To receive only specific fields of a resource and reduce data transfer, use `?fields[resourceName]=attribute1,attribute2`. This is retrieved using `$glueRequestTransfer->getQueryFields()`.
- **Including Related Resources**: Fetch related data in a single request using the include parameter–for example, `?include=concrete-product-image-sets`). The behavior of this included section can be configured in Spryker.

### Storefront API Responses

- **Status Codes**: Standard HTTP status codes indicate the outcome, such as 200 OK, 201 Created, 400 Bad Request, 401 Unauthorized, or 404 Not Found.
- **Response Body**: The structure often follows the JSON:API convention.

>   - The resources field in `GlueResponseTransfer` typically contains an array of the primary data objects.

Reviewer: nope

  - An included section may contain data for related resources if requested via the include parameter.
  - Responses often include pagination links, such as next, previous, last, first, automatically calculated when using JSON:API.
  - The overall response structure is defined by GlueResponseTransfer, which includes fields for HTTP status, metadata, content/resources, errors, filters, sortings, and pagination details.

### Authentication with Spryker

Storefront API primarily uses OAuth 2.0 for securing endpoints.

> Client applications send user credentials (username and password) to an authentication endpoint (for example, `/token` for Storefront API or a separate `/token` for Backend API using Back Office credentials) to obtain an access token and a refresh token. This access token (Bearer token) must then be included in the Authorization header for subsequent requests to protected Spryker resources. If an invalid, expired, or no token is provided for a protected resource, the API will respond with a 401 Unauthorized status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client applications send customer credentials (email and password) to an authentication endpoint (for example, `/access-tokens` for Storefront API or a separate `/token` for Backend API using Back Office credentials) to obtain an access token and a refresh token. This access token (Bearer token) must then be included in the Authorization header for subsequent requests to protected Spryker resources. If an invalid, expired, or no token is provided for a protected resource, the API will respond with a 401 Unauthorized status code.
```
